To test your word embedding
evaluation on external tasks,
you'll probably resort
to extrinsic evaluation.
For example, if you build
a system that does
speech recognition,
then the only way to
know if it works is to
actually test the system
as a whole on its task.
This might be more effective
than intrinsic evaluation.
Let's get started. By now
you have used
intrinsic evaluation.
Your first method for evaluating
word embeddings
based on how well
they capture the semantic or
syntactic relationships
between the words.
To evaluate word embeddings
with extrinsic evaluation,
you use the word embeddings
to perform on external task,
which is typically the
real-world task that
you initially needed the
word embeddings for.
Then use the
performance metric of
this task as a proxy for
the quality of the
word embeddings.
Examples of useful word
level tasks include
named entity recognition or
parts-of-speech tagging.
A named entity is
something that can
be referred to by a proper name.
For example, in the sentence,
Andrew works at deeplearning.ai.
The word Andrew is
a named entity and is
categorized as a person.
The word deeplearning.ai is
another named entity and
is categorized as
an organization.
A useful task may be to train
a model that can help you
identify and categorize named
entities in a sentence.
You can then evaluate
this classifier on
a test set with some
selected evaluation metric,
such as accuracy
or the F1 score.
The classifier's performance on
the evaluation metric represents
the combined performance of
both the embedding and
classification tasks.
Extrinsic evaluation methods are
the ultimate tests to ensure
that word embeddings
are actually useful.
However, their main drawbacks
are that the evaluation
will be more
time-consuming than in
intrinsic evaluation
and that if the
performance is poor,
then the performance metrics
provides no information as
to which specific parts of the
end-to-end process
is responsible.
The word embeddings
themselves or the
external task used to test them.
So far you've evaluated
the word embeddings using
intrinsic and extrinsic
evaluation methods.
That's very nice. If you want to
dive deeper into this topic,
I've included the reference to
a comprehensive and
very readable paper
on evaluating word embeddings.
You've just acquired
quite a few new skills.
It's a good time to
review. That's up next.
Before moving on
to the next video,
here are these short summary
of what you learned.
Extrinsic evaluation
evaluates actual usefulness
of the word embedding.
However, it is more difficult to
troubleshoot and is
more time-consuming.